start		end			Project			Duration
Sep-2005	Feb-2008	INFORMe			2 Yrs 5 Months		CF 5, SQL Server 2005, HTML, JS, CSS
Mar-2008	Apr-2010	FaME - WMIG-ED	2 Yrs 1 Month		Core Java, J2EE (Servlets, Web Services, EJBs, Hibernate, JUnit), Oracle PL-SQL 10g, WLS 8, SVN, Ant
May-2010	Nov-2013	ATT CCT			3 Yrs 6 Months		CF 8, SQL Server 2008, MS SSIS, MS VB, HTML, JS, CSS, Core Java, Unix Solaris 9 (Shell Scripting),
															Putty, CVS, Rally, CAST, Oracle PL-SQL 11g, Maven
Dec-2013	Jul-2017	ATT CARE SCA	3 Yrs 7 Months		Core Java, J2EE (JSP, Servlets, Struts 1, Struts 2, JUnit 4), Oracle PL-SQL 11g, WLS 12C, SVN, 
															U/L Shell Scripting, CF 8, SQL Server 2008, MS SSIS, Sonar, Rally, CAST, Maven, Putty, JBOSS EAP 6, Jenkins, Spring-boot, MicroServices, Jenkins, HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, Bootstrap.

Skills	Exp (as on Aug-17)

CF							6.5 Yrs		80 Months
SQL Server					7.5 Yrs		90 Months
SSIS						5 Yrs		60 Months
CoreJava, Oracle PL/SQL		7 Yrs		84 Months
J2EE, Maven, ShellScript	6 Yrs		72 Months
Spring-boot MicroServices	0.75 Yrs	8 Months


Core Java, J2EE (JSP, Servlets, Struts, Web Services, Junit)
Oracle PL-SQL, MS SQL Server, T-SQL, PostgreSQL
HTML, AngularJS, Bootstrap, CSS, ColdFusion
Spring Boot, MicroServices Architecture
Unix/Linux Shell Scripting
Jenkins, Maven, Sonar, Rally
Agile methodology
WebLogic 12C, JBOSS EAP 6

Mobility Wireless



SRS/PAR (Service Reporting System/Personal Accountability Report) is customer service reporting tool which provides call center personnel with a one stop shop to monitor call handling performance and quality statistics. By combining ACD data with customer satisfaction measurements, it gives a clear picture of opportunities for improvement. 
PDTS (Personal Development Tracking System) is a tool created to standardize, track and report on coaching/training and discipline interactions between employees and their supervisors. It provides a better experience for managers and employees by helping to capture coaching discussions and performance topics. With extensive reporting options, it also serves as an effective tool to insulate AT&T resources against legal claims made in regards to past performance and specific individual/supervisor responsibility.  

Sal: 8.09 L/Annum
CTC: 7.9 (7.1 Fix; 79K Var)
With Gratuity & Medical Insurance: 8.09



SCA – Sales Compensation Performance Management is a set of 4 applications in ATT, TechM is responsible for doing Maintenance & Enhancement for the application.
The Scope, technology for all 4 applications varies as per the Client requirements. 
Details mentioned below.

Application	Description	Technology
 A	Sales Compensation for Lightspeed (SC4LS) (MOTS ID – 10248)	Informatica, Oracle, Teradata, UNIX
 B	SRS-PAR (SRS Personal Accountability Reporting System) (MOTS ID – 17254)	MS SQL , Cold fusion
C	PDTS (Personal Development Tracking System)
(MOTS ID – 17733)	Java, J2EE, Oracle
 D	Q-RAS (Q-nomy Retail Appointment Scheduler) (MOTS 21941)	.NET , MS SQL 

Customer Domain	Sales Compensation and performance Management, Retails Appointment Scheduling.

•	The project SCA is to have a combination of application clubbed together to perform task independently. 
•	SC4LS application is used to calculate compensation benefits for call centre agent.
•	SRS application is response to the Personal Accountability Reporting initiative, and is intended to provide individual customer service agent’s daily feedback on their performance meeting standard call centre metrics.
•	PDTS application capture daily Human Resource and Legal discussion and discipline performance data via electronic storage instead of paper based files.
•	Q-RAS application is used to create online appointment to ATT retails stores for ATT Customer.


To-do

How to take thread dump - JStack, JMC, JVisualVM, JCMD, ThreadMXBean interface, Kill -3 (Unix), Ctrl + Break (Windows)
Covarient return type

----------------------------------------

http://www.journaldev.com/1330/java-collections-interview-questions-and-answers
http://www.java2novice.com/java_interview_questions/create-immutable-class/

<%@ taglib uri="" prefix="" %>

Copy?
A reference copy, as the name implies, creates a copy of a reference variable pointing to an object.

An object copy creates a copy of the object itself.

hashCode() method is used to get the hash Code of an object. hashCode() method of object class returns the memory reference of object in integer form. In HashMap, hashCode() is used to calculate the bucket and therefore calculate the index.

equals method is used to check that 2 objects are equal or not. HashMap uses equals() to compare the key whether the are equal or not.

A bucket is one element of HashMap array. It is used to store nodes. Two or more nodes can have the same bucket. In that case link list structure is used to connect the nodes. A single bucket can have more than one nodes, it depends on hashCode() method. The better your hashCode() method is, the better your buckets will be utilized.

Index Calculation in Hashmap:
Hash code of key may be large to create an array => may cause outOfMemoryException. Hence, we generate index to minimize the size of array. 
index = hashCode(key) & (n-1); where n is number of buckets or the size of array. 16 is the default size.

--------------------------------

Multiple languages support functional programming like java, javascript, scala etc. 

It implies that the local scope of a variable can't be changed. Related to Anonymous class method implementation in java.

Anonymous class (inner class)-> a class that doesn't carry a name in it. Always map to a reference of an interface or abstract class. Provides support for functional programming.

Lambda's => functional programming with ease. Lambda's => Expressiveness. Since Java 1.8.

Target Typing => Passing Lambda syntax as a param to a method

new functional interfaces available java.util.function pacakge.
Predicate
Consumer 


How to install Angular 2 with the help of proxy:

pre-requisite:
npm config set proxy http://"user:P@ssword"@proxy.server:80
npm config set https-proxy http://"user:P@ssword"@proxy.server:80
npm config set proxy http://"mp0029364:techm123%24%40"@10.30.0.155:80
http://www.ascii.cl/htmlcodes.htm
The chennai proxy server's IP is 10.30.0.155


Using quick start:
1. Download quick-start master
2. npm install    //To install packages in package.json
3. npm start

Using Angular CLI:
1. npm install -g @angular/cli
2. ng new my-app
3. cd my-app
4. ng serve -o

---------------------------------------

How to take threadDump
Issues with Unix Kill -3 way
Server hanging - how to handle it
	


How to count no of threads
Abstraction vs Encapsulation
Abstraction example - normal class, abstract class, interface
Polymorphism example
How to runtime call a method passing just the object of a class
ArrayList vs HashMap
How to use ArrayList for storing Employee objects

---------------------------------------

Which java features have you used in your application

> Core Java coding - interfaces, beans, utils, dao layers; String functions, StringBuffer/Builder, POJOs, Date functions, Exception Handling, Static Functions like isNull, isNumeric etc., Generics, Collection APIs (like HashMap, ArrayList etc.)
> File I/O - for properties or config, writing contents to excel or pdf other files.
> Log4J Logging
> Apache APIs - for String functions (StringUtils), Validating email address (EmailValidator),POI API (XSSFWorkbook) for excel file generation.
> JDBC APIs - Read Config from DB, Run procs through callable statements & get results, run report queries & process them etc.
> javax.crypto.Cipher API for pwd encryption
> Servlets - for realizing app functions (ex. generating PDF file; loading meta data)
> JSPs, JSPFs etc. (& related tag libraries, display tage lib & decorator classes) for view logic for Struts 1 & Struts 2 framework
> 

--------------------------------------
JSPF means?
JSP Fragments can be compared to server side includes. These fragments are not compiled on their own, however there are compiled along side the page in which its included. JSPF files can be thought of as a first step in refactoring large JSP pages.
--------------------------------------

Callable Statement use in PDTS?

1. Prepare a Call to a Stored Proc & Execute it.
2. Can set params to be passed to the proc.
3. Can register out param (of varchar or cursor type) - Can retrieve cursor as resultset & process it.
4. Cursor type needs to be defined in SPEC of package - like "TYPE followUp_cursor IS REF CURSOR;"

Using REF CURSOR s is one of the most powerful, flexible, and scalable ways to return query results from an Oracle Database to a client application. A REF CURSOR is a PL/SQL data type whose value is the memory address of a query work area on the database. In essence, a REF CURSOR is a pointer or a handle to a result set on the database.

A REF CURSOR involves an additional database round-trip. While the REF CURSOR is returned to the client, the actual data is not returned until the client opens the REF CURSOR and requests the data. Note that data is not be retrieved until the user attempts to read it.

A REF CURSOR is not updatable. The result set represented by the REF CURSOR is read-only. You cannot update the database by using a REF CURSOR.

A REF CURSOR is not backward scrollable. The data represented by the REF CURSOR is accessed in a forward-only, serial manner. You cannot position a record pointer inside the REF CURSOR to point to random records in the result set.

A REF CURSOR refers to a memory address on the database. Therefore, the client must be connected to the database during the lifetime of the REF CURSOR in order to access it.



-------------------------------------
Any perf tuning work done
What does that you do on day-to-day activity
Which java features have you used in your application
Spring & Hibernate experience
What part of java you like most
What did you do as Solution Architect
What is type erasure
Generics features
Experience with Multithreading




Docker implementation in SRS POC
Selenium test case writing for SRS UI



	
Difference between arraylist vector
Difference between Statement PrepareStatement
Junit Implementation ... Why didn't you use mockito
JDBC Driver used... difference
Design Patterns used.
Spring-boot explanation 
Singleton example
Unix experience
Vi command to traverse backword
Database design
Left outer join
Are you a quick learner

constraints to implement hashcode & equals method
serial


-------------------------------------------
aai's old names
Birth date - for both
place of birth - for both
pan no - for both
voter id - for both
Educational qualification - for both
Visible distinguishing mark - for both
Aadhaar Number 

names of father, mother, spouse
address (proof - 1	Water Bill, 3	Electricity bill, 12	Photo Passbook of running Bank Account (Scheduled Public Sector Banks, Scheduled Private Sector Indian Banks and Regional Rural Banks only))
living since
police station

First Reference Name and Address * Baba daji
mobile
second Reference Name and Address * Aaba Farne
mobile


For non-ECR
All persons having educational qualifications of matriculation and above	=-> Matriculation or Higher Educational Pass Certificate
All persons above the age of 50 years	--> i) Birth Certificate issued by the Municipal Authority or any office authorized to issue Birth and Death Certificate by the Registrar of Births & Deaths
			OR
		ii) School leaving certificate / Secondary School leaving certificate/ Certificate of Recognized Boards from the school last attended by the applicant or any other recognized educational institution

-------------------------------------------------