Micro Services, Java, Spring MVC, Spring boot, Rabbit MQ, Oracle DB, ATG 

Six or more years of relevant experience with Bachelor’s degree 
Experience with all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle, including system analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation. 
Experience in designing and developing strong, robust & scalable architecture for micro services. 
Experience with RESTful Web Services, SAP Integration, SOA Architecture, SoapUI. 
Experience with Hibernate/JPA/JDBC, Oracle DB/SQL, WebSphere/Liberty/WebLogic Server, MQ (IBM/Oracle/Rabbit). 
Extensive experience in Microservices. 
Extensive experience with Spring MVC, Spring boot, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, JSON/DWR/AJAX. 
Experience with profiling, performance tuning, core dump analysis, Performance Tools Platform (TPTP). 
Experience in production application support, hands on experience in finding root cause and resolving production issues. 
Teamwork & collaboration skills with the proven ability to work across organizations. 
Excellent problem solving skills with the demonstrated ability to develop quick and sound solutions to resolve complex issues. 
Agile methodology, DevOps model, working experience of ESB architecture and implementation. 
Knowledge of data modeling. 
Knowledge of iOS/Android App Development. 
Knowledge in GIT, Data analytics tools such as Hadoop/Hive/Elastic Search, Kibana, C/C++. 
Certification(s): Sun/Oracle Certified Java Programmer & Web Component Developer. 
Perform analysis and application architecture/design solutions to improve availability, scalability, reliability, and performance with no business impact. 
Analyze existing architectural design and ascertain changes that have to be done without adversely affecting scalability, performance with business impact metrics prior to implementation. 
Follow and define / update standard guidelines and adhere to all security related aspects like PCI, SPI, SSL etc. 
Participate in the evaluation, recommendation, and selection of software solutions. 
Manage time effectively, and work on multiple project timelines simultaneously in a demanding deadline driven environment. 
Responsible to create project plans for the development activities 
Track milestone and come up with mitigation alternatives for issues and design gaps.